HTML::DOM, version 0.049

HTML::DOM is a Perl implementation of the HTML Document Object Model

This is an alpha release.  So far,  the level-2 core,  HTML and event
DOM interfaces have been implemented,  and some of the level-2  style
sheet interfaces.


RECENT CHANGES

See the Changes file for the long version.

0.049
-----
New feature:  <button>  elements are  now  treated  as  real  buttons,
instead of being ignored by most form-handling functionality.  Thanks
to a certain Martin for providing a patch upon which this  was  based
(RT #70499).

0.048
-----
Bug fix: Area elements now trigger a DOMActivate event when the click
method is called.  (This means that a default event handler for links
gets called with area elements, as well as ‘a’ elements.)

0.047
-----
Bug fix: Implicitly-closed forms were being associated with inputs in subsequent forms,  resulting in there being two  forms  that  contain
the same input  element  in  their  ->elements  and  ->inputs  arrays
(RT #65363).


TO DO

- Finish Level 2 CSS support
- outerHTML/innerText?
- Other DOM interfaces (the rest of level 2, and level 3)
- HTML 5 stuff
- Write more complete documentation
- Write more tests
- Finishing checking for memory leaks (run all tests under
  Devel::Leak::Object)


INSTALLATION

The easiest way to install this module is to use the CPAN module or
the cpan script:

    [sudo] perl -MCPAN -e "install HTML::DOM"

    [sudo] cpan HTML::DOM

Or you can use the following:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    [sudo] make install


DEPENDENCIES

This module requires perl 5.8.3 or higher and the following
Perl modules:

- Scalar::Util 1.14 or later
- Exporter 5.57 or later
- HTML::TreeBuilder and HTML::Element (both part of the HTML::Tree
  distribution)
- URI
- LWP 1.13 or later
- CSS::DOM 0.07 or later
- HTML::Encoding is required if the parse_file method is to be used.
- Tie::RefHash::Weak 0.08 or higher, if you are using perl 5.8.x


DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the 
perldoc command.

    perldoc HTML::DOM

Or try using man (it's faster, in my experience):

    man HTML::DOM


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2007-11 Father Chrysostomos

This program is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as perl.
